---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "influxdb-v1alpha1_cluster_server_list Data Source - influxdb-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# influxdb-v1alpha1_cluster_server_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterServerSpec defines the desired state of ClusterServer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ClusterServerStatus defines the observed state of ClusterServer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `batch_size` (Number) Sets number of points sent in single request.
- `credentials_secret` (String) Secret containing InfluxDB credentials.
the secret must include a username and password keys or a token key.
- `flush_timer` (String) Sets the write buffer flush timer.
- `org` (String) InfluxDB Organization
- `timestamp_precision` (String) Sets the timestamp precision to use in writes for timestamp.
- `tls` (Attributes) Enable TLS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tls))
- `url` (String) InfluxDB server URL
- `use_gzip` (Boolean) When true, the exporter uses GZIP compression in write requests.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tls`

Optional:

- `from_files` (Attributes) Certificates files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tls--from_files))
- `from_secret` (Attributes) Secret containing a `tls.crt`, a `tls.key` and a `ca.crt` keys.
Both `tls.crt` and `tls.key` must be present. If `ca.crt` is not present
the remote server certificate is not verified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tls--from_secret))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tls--from_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tls.from_files`

Optional:

- `ca_file` (String) Path to a certificate authority file.
- `cert_file` (String) The client certificate file location.
- `key_file` (String) The client private key location.
- `skip_verify` (Boolean) If true the client will not verify the server's certificate.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tls--from_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tls.from_secret`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Secret name containing a ca.crt, a tls.crt and a tls.key keys.




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `connected` (Boolean) Specifies if the client is connected to the InfluxDB server
- `error` (String) Error value if the client is not connected
- `last_checked` (String) Last time the connection was checked
