---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "influxdb-v1alpha1_export_list Data Source - influxdb-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# influxdb-v1alpha1_export_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ExportSpec defines the desired state of Export (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ExportStatus defines the observed state of Export (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `description` (String) A short description of the export rules.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies if the Export rules are enabled or not.
- `exports` (Attributes) List of export rules defining which EDB tables are exported to InfluxDB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports))
- `servers` (Attributes List) List of influxDB server destination where EDB tables must be written. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--servers))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports`

Optional:

- `alarms` (Attributes) Defines Alarms as export source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--alarms))
- `query` (Attributes List) Defines a custom query as export source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query))
- `resource` (Attributes List) Defines EDA resources as export source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--resource))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.alarms`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) List of Alarm types to exclude.
- `include` (List of String) List of Alarm types to include. Set it to '*' for all.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.query`

Optional:

- `customization` (Attributes) InfluxDB data point manipulation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query--customization))
- `fields` (List of String) Fields to export from the EDB table set in Path.
Exports all fields if not specified.
- `mode` (String) Export mode.
- `path` (String) The EDB path to export, in the format '.node.srl.interface'.
Should NOT include the namespace path element.
- `period` (String) Export period. Applicable when mode is set to 'periodic' or 'both'.
- `where` (String) A where clause to use for the query, e.g. 'oper-state = down'. You can omit enclosing parentheses.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query--customization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.query.customization`

Optional:

- `fields` (Attributes List) Field names customization (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query--customization--fields))
- `measurement` (Attributes) Measurement name renaming regex and replacement (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query--customization--measurement))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags customization (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query--customization--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query--customization--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.query.customization.fields`

Optional:

- `match` (String) A regular expression to be matched against the measurement name
- `replacement` (String) A regular expression replacement to be applied to the measurement name


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query--customization--measurement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.query.customization.measurement`

Optional:

- `match` (String) A regular expression to be matched against the measurement name
- `replacement` (String) A regular expression replacement to be applied to the measurement name


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--query--customization--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.query.customization.tags`

Optional:

- `delimiter` (String) Delimiter to join the tag name and value
- `match` (String) A regular expression to be matched against tag_name + delimiter + tag_value
- `replacement` (String) A regular expression replacement to be applied to tag_name + delimiter + tag_value




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.resource`

Optional:

- `group` (String) The resource group.
- `kind` (String) The resource kind.
- `name` (String) The resource name to export. Omit to export all resources based on their GVK
- `version` (String) The resource version.



<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.servers`

Optional:

- `bucket` (String) InfluxDB Bucket Name.
- `name` (String) InfluxDB server Name.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
